This is how I knew I picked the right college 
Haha! That's sick. If I don't get accepted at Hampshire College (the school which Evergreen was actually modeled after, I believe), I'm definitely going to apply out there. How big exactly is the anarchist community out there?
Hey, one of my friends goes to Evergreen.
I'm a freshman and this is only my second day (orientation week) so my knowledge is limited but I mean as far as anarchists in America go it seems pretty big. They also have some lame leftist parties here. I've seen a lot of PSL flyers and they have a club for the socialist alternative party (which in all due fairness does actually help get interesting people come and speak at Evergreen like Chomsky and Zinn and such so it isn't completely useless)

but yeah I'd at least check it out. I remember seeing on the evergreen subreddit pictures of anarchist graffiti (spray paint) that got a lot of people butt hurt.
Well your friend is awesome.
You've made a wise choice.
Not to mention K records
I hope you don't plan on going to graduate school. I know people that go to Evergreen, and enjoy it, but the credits won't transfer anywhere else. ~~It's not an accredited school~~ It is accredited but not on a national level. I would hate to see you stuck in a money pit or not get into your post-grad school of choice.

Edited for accuracy.
That's more or less why I opted for UW-T over Evergreen.  I'd love to attend Evergreen, but I'd be throwing away money, as they don't have a program that would meet my grad school entrance reqs.  Easiest to just go UW all the way, much as it pains me.

Edit: typo

Edit:  Downvote if you feel the need, but Evergreen does not award a Bachelor of Social Welfare.  UW-T does, hence my choice.  It's not a knock on Evergreen, it's appreciation that it's not a good choice for people who have specific educational paths that Evergreen does not facilitate.  If I'd gone to Evergreen for undergrad, my Masters would take 9 years, instead of 7.
Made me bother looking to see what there was at my school. Found this: http://cuareading.blogspot.com/
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&amp;id=2729#comic
Hey, my friend went there. If I don't get into UCF or FSU, Evergreen is probably the next choice.
[I want to go to there](http://i.imgur.com/UW0pk.jpg)
I gotta buddy who's going to Evergreen this year too, maybe y'all can hit it off. Man, how weird would that be.
Chomskys nephew teaches at temple university. I took him last semester. Class was politics of inequality. Best class ever.
here's what we put together at my school:

http://liberateiu.wordpress.com/disorientation-2012/
Haha, I lived in Oly for six years. Interesting little town.
This is a big pile of truth.

Edit: lol, downvoted by high school kids.
Careful, because a lot of those greeners are total yuppies who have no idea what they're vandalizing shit for.
HAMPSHIRE COLLEGE IS THE BEST COLLEGE COME HERE!

... I mean, it's a really great school and you should definitely come here.
It's true. Or any accredited college or university for that matter.
It's pretty obvious.
Woah. I thought Evergreen was my dream school, I had no idea. That's a shame.
it's completely untrue. Evergreen is accredited and it's credits transfer everywhere. Don't know why Angry_Devotchka is lying/confused.
There was a really cool riot at Evergreen a few years ago during a Dead Prez show I believe.
Or angry

thanks
One of my greatest regrets in life was not going to Evergreen; my shitty parents who I don't even talk to anymore refused to pay for it because "it's a stoner school". Instead I've gone to a stupid state university and hated every minute of it; right now I'm taking a class on Marxian economics in which half of the students are bros who barely share a brain between themselves, and who are constantly trying to find arbitrary reasons why Marx was wrong so they can justify their vapid consumption of Natty Light and Ray Bans. I hate college :(
I went to Antioch. The school your school ripped everything off of. :) We had t-shirts with the A of Antioch in an anarchy sign. Very silly. 

But my school went bankrupt from, as I understand it, several presidents siphoning money over many years. I heard it reopened recently, but I wonder if it'll ever be the same.
Stupid parents that pay for your education! Fuck them!
Those are the best kind
[they just don't understand](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI0dCVwdedE)
I should clarify that the reason I'm upset with them has little to do with them not letting me go to Evergreen. They forced me to go to a psychologically and physically abusive educational institution during most of my childhood (and *still* refuse to admit, that they fucked up, and have blamed me for the trauma I suffered there), had me on mind-numbing medications due to minor behavioral problems, basically prevented me from having much of a social life throughout high school; and most recently, have denied that I'm really trans*, tried to ruin the careers of doctors who have helped me in my transition, and said that I'm just "mentally ill and lead astray by pseudoscientific demagogues", and told me that I should move back in with them "because I need to be under constant surveillance to prevent my life from falling apart" (I'm 21, btw). Nothing I've ever done is good enough for them, they've always treated me like I'm mentally challenged and claimed they were trying "to help me". They've admitted that they've often been embarrassed by me, and are mostly paying for my college so that one day I will have a good enough career to support them when they're old and sick; fat chance that will happen after how they've treated me. They both work at the college I attend so they get a massive discount that makes it the most inexpensive option for them apart from community college. That is why I hardly talk to them anymore.
We did one of those at my uni! (University of New Mexico) And I bet people have done them at plenty other colleges around the country as well. I figure it just depends how strong the membership of those groups are at the time you're attending. 

I doubt it has anything to do with the structure of the school...
I think its funny how most parents actually pay for their kids' college. My dad begrudgingly took a loan for 1,000 dollars to help pay for my last year of school. Other than that, I' was on my own.
The credits probably don't transfer because evergreen gives long feedback essays instead of grades for multiple semester self-guided interdisciplinary projects. I think that reflects poorly on the cookie cutter schools, not evergreen. Two of the smartest people I know went there. The thing is, you need to be self-motivated in the face of others burning out in order to finish, let alone in four years. Being isolated in the forest can make it sad in winter, but otherwise evergreen is the shit.
Same here man. My parents are paying for maybe 15% of my loans.
UCSC has a disorientation guide as well. I wouldn't be surprised if lots of college campuses had groups putting these out.
I went to UCF and would not recommend it to anybody other than engineers, business students, scientists or IT people. Although there are some good professors, it is not a humanities friendly university, and as a logical result, not an anarchist friendly environment.
I'm planning on going into PoliSci. But really? That's a shame. Sadly however, it's pretty much my only choice (other than FSU) as I have a scholarship to either of those, or USF. If I did go to Evergreen, it would be entirely out of my own pocket.
I went there and graduated end of last summer.  Sucks about your parents, as TESC was and is oriented twords being inclusive to everyone (straight/LGBT or otherwise), much more so than a traditional college.  It did have its negatives and group think though, but chilling around a bonfire on the beach made up for it.
Parents paid my rent a couple times that was it.  I worked in high-school and lived off nothing so I had $0 debt @ graduation tho.
ive been thinking about applying there, how difficult is it to get in?
Ahhh I know, I can't wait to visit again. I'm currently super stressing over keeping my grades high and making my essays perfect...! 

Hope to see you in the spring!
They have over a 90% acceptance rate
Is it all dirty hippies or what?
"really cool riot"

I lolled a bit. Fuckin' anarchists...

But for real, two of my friends went to evergreen, and that show/riot.
Except Evergreen was founded 3 years before Hampshire. 1967 versus 1970.
...fucking bros consuming natty light instead of pbr like a real revolutionary (?)
Not all. It's a mix of hippies and hipsters I guess
How poignant
Just remember, [you don't have to go to college](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiHWbF4WK64).
Why would I lie? According to [4ICU](http://www.4icu.org/reviews/6820.htm), Evergreen is only recognized as accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities (regionally). I was just ill-informed, as I also wanted to go to Evergreen but was told not to if I wanted my credits to transfer to any school for post-grad studies (since it is not accredited on a national level).

It's not my intent to keep people from going to a great school.
Regional accreditation is the educational accreditation that is used by most non-profit schools, and is accepted by most if not all schools. National accreditation is used mostly by for profit colleges, and many schools do not accept transfer students from national accredited schools. Evergreen is regionally accredited, which is good. If it was nationally accredited, I would think twice.
"Regional" accreditation is the standard for serious, academically legitimate institutions of higher education in the United States.  It's "national" accrediation that is of dubious value and is often a first sign that you're getting involved with a diploma mill.
You should go to college exactly when it will profit you most, no sooner and no later, and possibly never.
Stop saying the credit won't transfer. They will. The worst that can happen is the credits transfer as "elective credit". If you do get stuck at evergreen, you only have to ride it out because if you are motivated you can get to good graduate school. Many evergreen students go to ivy league schools.
UCF is a horrible commuter school. Ugh. Do not go there. FSU is a pretty good party school where you can get laid.  FSU's economics department is ran by the Koch brothers. So don't go there expecting to learn revolutionary economics.
well, elective credits are pretty much useless toward your major, and having two year's worth means that your graduation could be delayed by years. so while technically they will transfer, functionally it is very very problematic. again, i blame the schools that aren't as forward thinking as evergreen, but it is something that evergreen students absolutely need to be aware of. i also second the quality of the education and the fact that motivated and intelligent students can have the unique opportunity to be empowered to do some amazing projects, even in the hard sciences.
An Anarcho-Communist learning economics from Koch Brothers funded programs. Joy. 

As for commuter school, explain?
There are no radical colleges near me. Well, shit. I guess it's time to radicalize one.
Yeah, but other schools do narrative evaluation, and independent study and are able to transfer. I forgot one school interprets the narrative evaluation into GPA, so a student is able to transfer to another school. I wouldn't doubt that evergreen has something like that. And it's not hard to ride it out and go to a great graduate school. Many Evergreen students end up in prestigious graduate schools.
Commuter school is a school where most students drive to school then back to their homes. They dont usually hangout on campus. Not the suppose "college experience" that many people want.
I couldn't care less about "college expierences". I'm going to expand my breadth of knowledge, not to stand around with my thumb up my ass. 

That was a little harsh. Sorry.
Life is more than just reading books, and doing academic projects. It has a lot of social interactions: sharing ideas and organizing. It's hard to do that in a commuter school than a school where there are more campus activities. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
You raise a good point. What's your opinion on USF?
I really disagree with this. But I went to school a back in 2000 when it was affordable (relatively) and I did learn a lot in my engineering field. I've met many people in my career who didn't go to college and who do lack a lot of really essential basic understandings ... I also know people who have never gone to college and have a good understanding of certain parts of my field.

I know people in my program also that just did the bare minimum and are pigeoned holed into whatever job they first got. 

You get out of any program what you put into it, but I still think you can get a lot out of a program vs learning yourself. 

The system is horribly screwed up due to the money involved now, and I think programs should be changed so that you can graduate without debt. But I still wouldn't trust a self-taught doctor over one who's at least tried to learn under the supervision of others (even if he or she is a shitty doctor, at least there is a base standard and a wash-out principal) ... but I think a good doctor should care about people and not be in debt when he or she graduates...so that said doctor could go into commercial work or go help the poor or save children in other countries...whatever they wish..not what capitalism says you must to repay that debt
Parents dumped me at 16.  I love that FAFSA factors your parents' income under the *assumption* that all young adults have families that are willing to pay and/or can afford to pay.

So, I sold my soul to the Army for eight years, ended up partially deaf, with a busted spine, thrashed knees, and broken psyche (hint hint, don't fucking enlist) and now my schooling is free as part of the plan to "rehabilitate" me.  Not worth what I had to do to pay for it, but the damage is done, so I might as well get something out of it that isn't shitty.
PM me if you ever need a break from their bullshit.  I had to cut all ties with my birth family for awhile before I could get my life and transition straight.
This nugget of wisdom, right here.
I'm 29, and just finally going to college (this fall quarter is my fourth quarter.) I'm surrounded by people who have no idea what they want, and are wasting their time and resources.  Their experience so far has been limited to schooling, and college seems like a logical extension.  They're doing it because "that's what you do".  But what you want at 18 is rarely what you want at 25.  Unless you're very clear on what you want from college, and motivated to get it accomplished, it's such a wasted effort.
Yep.  As back-asswards as this seems, it's true.  Regional &gt; National
You went to college, and it worked out well... but did you *have* to? No.

I'll probably go to college but I'm skeptical of it. Honestly I mostly wanted to reference that song.
Why I'm not a fan: their motto seems to be based on a total misunderstanding of the semantic force of the Latin jussive subjunctive.
